Google Incorporated is an American
multinational public corporation
invested in internet search cloud
computing and advertising technologies
Google hosts and develops a number of
internet-based services and products and
generates profit primarily from
advertising droids Adwords program the
company was founded by larry page and
sergey brin often doubt the Google guys
while the two were attending stanford
university as PhD candidates it was
first incorporated as a privately held
company on sep tember 4th 1998 and its
initial public offering followed on
august 19 2 2004 at that time Larry Page
Sergey Brin and Eric Schmidt agreed to
work together at Google for 20 years
until the year 2024 the company's
mission statement from the outside was
to organize the world's information and
make it universally accessible and
useful and the company's unofficial
slogan coined by Google engineer paul
buchheit is don't be evil in 2006 the
company moved to its current
headquarters in Mountain View California
laurens Larry Page is an American
computer scientist and software
developer who with Sergey Brin is best
known as a co founder of google he
adults at the current chief executive
officer of Google as announced on
january 21st 2011 through a blog post as
of 2011 his personal wealth is estimated
to be nineteen point eight billion
dollars page married lucinda southworth
at Richard Branson's Caribbean island
Necker Island in 2007 southworth is a
research scientist and sister of actress
and model carries southworth in 2004
page and brin were named persons of the
week by ABC World News Tonight page
received an honorary doctorate from the
University of Michigan in 2009 during
graduation commencement ceremonies
Natalie Hershlag better known by her
stage name Natalie Portman is an Israeli
and American actress her first role was
as an orphan taking environment in the
1994 French action film Leon during the
1990s Portman had major roles in films
including beautiful girls and anywhere
but here before being cast for the role
as padam Amidala in the Star Wars
prequel trilogy in 1999 she enrolled at
Harvard University to study psychology
while she was working on the Star Wars
films she completed her bachelor's
degree in 2003 in 2001 Portman opened in
new york city's public theater
production of anton chekhov's the
seagull in 2005 Portman received a
nomination for the academy award for
best supporting actress as well as
winning the golden globe award for best
supporting actress motion picture for
the drama closer in 2011 Portman won the
academy award the golden globe award the
screen actors guild award and the ba of
ta award for Hurley performance as Lena
in Black Swan
call McClure is a city located in
Kanagawa Japan about 50 kilometers
south-southwest of Tokyo it used to be
also called rent boo according to the
institute for research on ruled systems
comic clara was the fourth largest city
in the world in 1250 with 200,000 people
at japan's largest eclipse in kyoto by
1200 ad comic laura has a beach which in
combination with its temples and
proximity to tokyo makes it a popular
tourist destination comoros Bay has a
surf break off of the headland point
I'll beat an inconsistent one which
makes it at least a second-tier
destination for surfers it is also noted
for sin by which are crisp rice cakes
grilled and salt fresh along the main
shopping street